Empty
empty.png
E

Red (Breakable)
red_breakable.png
R

Red (Breakable) UL Triangle
red_breakable_ul.png
T(R,ul)

Red (Breakable) UR Triangle
red_breakable_ur.png
T(R,ur)

Red (Breakable) LL Triangle
red_breakable_ll.png
T(R,ll)

Red (Breakable) LR Triangle
red_breakable_lr.png
T(R,lr)

Orange (Breakable)
orange_breakable.png
O

Orange (Breakable) UL Triangle
orange_breakable_ul.png
T(O,ul)

Orange (Breakable) UR Triangle
orange_breakable_ur.png
T(O,ur)

Orange (Breakable) LL Triangle
orange_breakable_ll.png
T(O,ll)

Orange (Breakable) LR Triangle
orange_breakable_lr.png
T(O,lr)

Yellow (Breakable)
yellow_breakable.png
Y

Yellow (Breakable) UL Triangle
yellow_breakable_ul.png
T(Y,ul)

Yellow (Breakable) UR Triangle
yellow_breakable_ur.png
T(Y,ur)

Yellow (Breakable) LL Triangle
yellow_breakable_ll.png
T(Y,ll)

Yellow (Breakable) LR Triangle
yellow_breakable_lr.png
T(Y,lr)

Green (Breakable)
green_breakable.png
G

Green (Breakable) UL Triangle
green_breakable_ul.png
T(G,ul)

Green (Breakable) UR Triangle
green_breakable_ur.png
T(G,ur)

Green (Breakable) LL Triangle
green_breakable_ll.png
T(G,ll)

Green (Breakable) LR Triangle
green_breakable_lr.png
T(G,lr)

Regen (Finite)
regen_finite.png
Q(f)

Regen (Infinite)
regen_infinite.png
Q(i)

Solid (Unbreakable)
solid.png
S

Solid (Unbreakable) UL Triangle
solid_ul.png
T(S,ul)

Solid (Unbreakable) UR Triangle
solid_ur.png
T(S,ur)

Solid (Unbreakable) LL Triangle
solid_ll.png
T(S,ll)

Solid (Unbreakable) LR Triangle
solid_lr.png
T(S,lr)

Bomb
bomb.png
B

Ink
ink.png
I

Portal
portal.png
X

Cannon
cannon.png
C

Collateral
collateral.png
L

Tesla
tesla.png
A

Item Drop
item_drop.png
D

Always Drop Block (Breakable)
always_drop.png
K

Switch
switch.png
W

Prism
prism.png
P

Prism UL Triangle
prism_ul.png
T(P,ul)

Prism UR Triangle
prism_ur.png
T(P,ur)

Prism LL Triangle
prism_ll.png
T(P,ll)

Prism LR Triangle
prism_lr.png
T(P,lr)

One-Way Up
one_way_u.png
F(u)

One-Way Down
one_way_d.png
F(d)

One-Way Left
one_way_l.png
F(l)

One-Way Right
one_way_r.png
F(r)

No-Entry
no_entry.png
N

Laser Turret
laser_turret.png
H

Rocket Turret
rocket_turret.png
J

Mine Turret
mine_turret.png
M
