Red Breakable
red_breakable.png
R

Orange Breakable
orange_breakable.png
O

Yellow Breakable
yellow_breakable.png
Y

Green Breakable
green_breakable.png
G

Solid Unbreakable
solid_unbreakable.png
S

Bomb
bomb.png
B

Empty
empty.png
E

Ink Block
ink.png
I

Red Breakable Upper Left Triangle
red_breakable_ul_tri.png
T(R,ul)

Orange Breakable Upper Left Triangle
orange_breakable_ul_tri.png
T(O,ul)

Yellow Breakable Upper Left Triangle
yellow_breakable_ul_tri.png
T(Y,ul)

Green Breakable Upper Left Triangle
green_breakable_ul_tri.png
T(G,ul)

Solid Unbreakable Upper Left Triangle
solid_unbreakable_ul_tri.png
T(S,ul)

Red Breakable Upper Right Triangle
red_breakable_ur_tri.png
T(R,ur)

Orange Breakable Upper Right Triangle
orange_breakable_ur_tri.png
T(O,ur)

Yellow Breakable Upper Right Triangle
yellow_breakable_ur_tri.png
T(Y,ur)

Green Breakable Upper Right Triangle
green_breakable_ur_tri.png
T(G,ur)

Solid Unbreakable Upper Right Triangle
solid_unbreakable_ur_tri.png
T(S,ur)

Red Breakable Lower Left Triangle
red_breakable_ll_tri.png
T(R,ll)

Orange Breakable Lower Left Triangle
orange_breakable_ll_tri.png
T(O,ll)

Yellow Breakable Lower Left Triangle
yellow_breakable_ll_tri.png
T(Y,ll)

Green Breakable Lower Left Triangle
green_breakable_ll_tri.png
T(G,ll)

Solid Unbreakable Lower Left Triangle
solid_unbreakable_ll_tri.png
T(S,ll)

Red Breakable Lower Right Triangle
red_breakable_lr_tri.png
T(R,lr)

Orange Breakable Lower Right Triangle
orange_breakable_lr_tri.png
T(O,lr)

Yellow Breakable Lower Right Triangle
yellow_breakable_lr_tri.png
T(Y,lr)

Green Breakable Lower Right Triangle
green_breakable_lr_tri.png
T(G,lr)

Solid Unbreakable Lower Right Triangle
solid_unbreakable_lr_tri.png
T(S,lr)


