Red (Breakable)
red_breakable.png
R

Orange (Breakable)
orange_breakable.png
O

Yellow (Breakable)
yellow_breakable.png
Y

Green (Breakable)
green_breakable.png
G

Solid (Unbreakable)
solid.png
S

Bomb
bomb.png
B

Ink
ink.png
I

Empty
empty.png
E

Red (Breakable) UL Triangle
red_breakable_ul.png
T(R,ul)

Orange (Breakable) UL Triangle
orange_breakable_ul.png
T(O,ul)

Yellow (Breakable) UL Triangle
yellow_breakable_ul.png
T(Y,ul)

Green (Breakable) UL Triangle
green_breakable_ul.png
T(G,ul)

Solid (Unbreakable) UL Triangle
solid_ul.png
T(S,ul)

Red (Breakable) UR Triangle
red_breakable_ur.png
T(R,ur)

Orange (Breakable) UR Triangle
orange_breakable_ur.png
T(O,ur)

Yellow (Breakable) UR Triangle
yellow_breakable_ur.png
T(Y,ur)

Green (Breakable) UR Triangle
green_breakable_ur.png
T(G,ur)

Solid (Unbreakable) UR Triangle
solid_ur.png
T(S,ur)

Red (Breakable) LL Triangle
red_breakable_ll.png
T(R,ll)

Orange (Breakable) LL Triangle
orange_breakable_ll.png
T(O,ll)

Yellow (Breakable) LL Triangle
yellow_breakable_ll.png
T(Y,ll)

Green (Breakable) LL Triangle
green_breakable_ll.png
T(G,ll)

Solid (Unbreakable) LL Triangle
solid_ll.png
T(S,ll)

Red (Breakable) LR Triangle
red_breakable_ul.png
T(R,ul)

Orange (Breakable) LR Triangle
orange_breakable_lr.png
T(O,lr)

Yellow (Breakable) LR Triangle
yellow_breakable_lr.png
T(Y,lr)

Green (Breakable) LR Triangle
green_breakable_lr.png
T(G,lr)

Solid (Unbreakable) LR Triangle
solid_lr.png
T(S,lr)




